Dawn Abriel: Morning.
iPhone: Good morning.
Dawn Abriel: You're Nathaniel.
Dawn Abriel: Yes. I'm Dr brielle
Dawn Abriel: And do you have an hour to spend with me.
iPhone: Yes. Okay.
Dawn Abriel: It usually doesn't take the whole hour, but I just like to make sure that we have enough time.
Dawn Abriel: The next time.
Dawn Abriel: You go on to zoom
Dawn Abriel: Yeah. After you enter the zoom ID number, you'll see a space where you can say I where it says iPhone.
Dawn Abriel: That's for you type in your name.
iPhone: Okay.
Dawn Abriel: Thank you can't do it right now. I
Dawn Abriel: Forgotten that your phone because when you come into group and you come into individual therapy. They need to see, it's you.
Dawn Abriel: And to give you credit for attending. So, um,
Dawn Abriel: After you're done with me, you'll be going back to the virtual clinic and
Dawn Abriel: So do it when you do change your name. When you do that, okay.
Dawn Abriel: Okay super.
Dawn Abriel: So,
Dawn Abriel: I, I kind of just have to haul through these questions because I have a commitment right after this.
Okay.
Dawn Abriel: I usually like to
Dawn Abriel: Get to know people a little bit, but that's not really possible today.
Dawn Abriel: Um, tell me the last time you did any opioid
iPhone: And last night.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, about what time
iPhone: 10 o'clock. Yeah, it was 711 30
Dawn Abriel: Okay. And have you done buprenorphine before
iPhone: Yeah, but not, it wasn't prescribed
Dawn Abriel: Okay, but you kind of have a feel for what what it takes for you to feel normal.
iPhone: Yeah.
Dawn Abriel: What was that
iPhone: And it took about five days, I guess.
Dawn Abriel: So how many you were taking like a half a strip an eight milligrams strip or
iPhone: Yeah, so I let's see. I'd usually take like a four milligram EES around 10 o'clock at night or right before bed and then I would take another one in the morning when I woke up.
And
iPhone: Yeah.
Dawn Abriel: The medicine is not meant to be taken that way.
Dawn Abriel: It's a very
Dawn Abriel: LONG ACTING medicine. So what you want to do is you have to give it a good 12 hours from the last time you used
Dawn Abriel: So,
Dawn Abriel: By the time we're dying and you get to the pharmacy, you should be in some withdrawal.
Dawn Abriel: Right and and when you're in withdrawal, then we know that you've got some empty receptors and we're not going to throw you into big withdrawal. If we give you the buprenorphine because the buprenorphine.
Dawn Abriel: Has a stronger ability to attach to the receptors than the short acting opioids. The buprenorphine WILL WILL KICK THE SHORT ACTING ones off your receptors and putting them into withdrawal so
Dawn Abriel: But
Dawn Abriel: What I'm going to want you to do is to take the four milligrams today and tomorrow. And I want you to notice how long the medicines lasting.
iPhone: Okay.
Dawn Abriel: Because
Dawn Abriel: You're going to want to take it once a day, you might end up needing six milligrams to last 24 hours.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, we really don't know because you're right, it takes about two or three days before you get what we call the blood level, you get a full blood level up, and we know the middle sustain you for the 24 hours.
iPhone: Yeah, okay.
Dawn Abriel: All right, so
Dawn Abriel: About. So what did you use heroin, you did last night.
iPhone: Yes.
Dawn Abriel: And about how much
iPhone: Kind of a half grand
Dawn Abriel: Okay and so total for a day. What's usual for you.
iPhone: anywhere from one to two grams.
All right.
Dawn Abriel: And is this ID snorting, how do you do it.
iPhone: I smoke it and start it.
Dawn Abriel: Right. Have you ever used IV.
Never
Dawn Abriel: Okay, and you've noticed
Dawn Abriel: You've had to take more and more just to even stave off the withdrawal symptoms.
Yeah.
Dawn Abriel: And have you had an overdose.
No.
Dawn Abriel: That's wonderful. And any medical complications.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, and any legal issues related to your drug use.
No.
Dawn Abriel: Super
Dawn Abriel: Most people tell me that their, their day ends up being Centered around thinking about the drug finding the drug using the drug than thinking about it some more is that in your life.
Dawn Abriel: How old were you when you first started using any illicit drug
Dawn Abriel: And was that marijuana
iPhone: And mushrooms.
Mushrooms.
Dawn Abriel: I haven't heard of very many people starting with mushrooms you just sort of went for it then. Yeah.
iPhone: Yeah, and
Dawn Abriel: How old. How old were you when you first started using opioids.
iPhone: 18
Dawn Abriel: Has the drug use resulted in problems with relationships and work.
iPhone: Yes.
Dawn Abriel: And is bright heart health, your first program.
iPhone: As
Dawn Abriel: Well, let's hope it's your last
Yeah.
Dawn Abriel: And our sleep and anxiety issues for you.
Dawn Abriel: Yes. Now I know anxiety is because I just looked at your evaluation.
Dawn Abriel: And according to the survey that you did your depression score indicates that you should be hospitalized.
iPhone: Okay.
Dawn Abriel: Does that feel like it.
iPhone: Yeah, sometimes.
Dawn Abriel: Yeah, so, you know,
Dawn Abriel: This is an amazing program. I've worked for other programs. I would never work for another one besides this one.
Dawn Abriel: And partly, it's because of
Dawn Abriel: The incredible services that are possible and the quality of therapy that you get with this program is really outstanding and the fact that the insurance pays for it. If you're thinking about this being a time in your life when you want to just be done with some old stuff.
Dawn Abriel: This, this is the place to do it.
Dawn Abriel: I strongly recommend because, you know, especially in the beginning, you can go to therapy, two, three times a week and really get a handle on what it is. It feels so good about numbing out why. Why do you want to numb out
iPhone: Yeah.
Dawn Abriel: It's those kinds of issues that that they're kind of almost to the consciousness, but not really there yet and
Dawn Abriel: You know having that aha experience of oh yeah of course I would want to numb out i i don't like thinking about conflict or I don't like thinking about, you know, arguments. Anyway, I'm getting off the track. I'm just encouraging you to, you know, take full advantage of our program.
Dawn Abriel: So have you ever been hospitalized for mental health issue.
iPhone: No.
Dawn Abriel: And what would you say your stress level is right now.
Dawn Abriel: And your self esteem.
Dawn Abriel: At those two usually go together pretty well.
Dawn Abriel: I'm gonna ask you some medical problems now. So, stop me if any of them apply to you. Do you know what your blood type is
No.
Dawn Abriel: Have you had any head trauma any diseases of the eye, ear, nose or throat any breathing difficulties with asthma or bronchitis. It's long, long standing
Dawn Abriel: Bone joint or muscle diseases thyroid problems, diabetes, anemia, cancer, HIV sexually transmitted diseases or tested positive for tuberculosis any skin problems with new rashes, or new moles epilepsy seizure headaches. Migraines stroke.
Dawn Abriel: cirrhosis gallbladder disease heartburn hemorrhoids hepatitis ulcers hearing aids allergic chronic allergic problems dentures. You weren't born with a heart murmur.
Dawn Abriel: Or have high blood pressure or blood clots and your kidney and bladder and penis work the way they're supposed to. And were you ever diagnosed as bipolar.
Dawn Abriel: Okay.
Dawn Abriel: And the depression, when do you think the depression started
iPhone: I don't know. It's probably always been there.
Dawn Abriel: You were born with it.
iPhone: Yeah I don't you know probably teenage years. I probably noticed more
Dawn Abriel: Yeah. And did you
Dawn Abriel: Ever take medicine for it.
No.
Dawn Abriel: So here's the crazy thing Nathaniel.
Dawn Abriel: Opioids cause depression.
Dawn Abriel: Right. So when you start off with some depression and then the opioids make you not make serotonin. That's the drug that is attributed to low mood.
Dawn Abriel: As the
Dawn Abriel: buprenorphine or the opioids go up the serotonin goes down. So then it's even a bigger problem.
Dawn Abriel: So you will find that once you're at a really low dose of an opioid some of that depression will just naturally come off the combination of the therapy and getting low on the opioid will help a lot. Any you're not seeing or hearing things that other people don't know hallucinations.
Dawn Abriel: Know, and have you ever tried to commit suicide.
iPhone: Yeah.
Dawn Abriel: And do you have suicidal thoughts.
Dawn Abriel: Anything you have that I haven't asked you about
iPhone: No.
Dawn Abriel: Well, then we will move along.
Dawn Abriel: Have you had any surgeries.
iPhone: appendectomy
Dawn Abriel: an appendectomy. How old are you,
iPhone: I think I was 12 or 13
Dawn Abriel: Mm hmm. And any complications from that.
iPhone: I believe I was hospitalized for a few days.
Dawn Abriel: But they caught it before it ruptured, and you didn't
iPhone: I mean,
Oh,
Dawn Abriel: Yeah, it's tough and children.
Dawn Abriel: They don't go to their parents. As soon as you know they could and
Dawn Abriel: So you have your gallbladder and you have your tonsils.
iPhone: Yes. Super.
Dawn Abriel: If you think of something else, don't hesitate to tell me I can easily go back here and add something else. Is your mother alive and in good health.
iPhone: Yes.
Dawn Abriel: No addiction problems.
iPhone: No.
Dawn Abriel: And your father. Is he alive and in good health.
Yes.
Dawn Abriel: And do you have brothers and sisters
Dawn Abriel: And first sister is alive and in good health.
iPhone: Yes.
Dawn Abriel: Do you have another sister.
iPhone: I have a total of three.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, so second sister alive and in good health.
Dawn Abriel: Yes. And third,
iPhone: Yes.
Dawn Abriel: No one with addiction problems.
iPhone: No.
Dawn Abriel: And do you have brothers.
Yes.
Dawn Abriel: First brother alive and in good health.
Yeah.
Dawn Abriel: Another one.
iPhone: That's it.
Dawn Abriel: Okie doke.
Dawn Abriel: Tell me about tobacco in your life. When did you start. How much do you use now.
iPhone: I probably started when I was like 13 or something. I mean, tried it for the first time. Yep.
Dawn Abriel: And how much do you smoke now.
iPhone: I don't smoke, very much.
iPhone: I
iPhone: Probably have maybe a total of a half a cigarette, a day.
Dawn Abriel: Wow. So you've and you've really been trying to do this to get down.
iPhone: Yeah, I've actually started using a an electronic cigarette.
Dawn Abriel: Yeah.
Dawn Abriel: And so the
Dawn Abriel: And you gotta, I gotta tell you, you got to be really careful with those because they're not regulated and, I mean, I don't know if you've seen it in the news, but I've had a couple of my patients be in the hospital because the substance that's put in there and is contaminated.
Dawn Abriel: And
Dawn Abriel: People end up with pneumonias. And so here you are taking opioids and. They depress your immune system and make you susceptible to, you know, the viruses in the stuff around, but then you take something directly into your lungs. Wow, it's it's it's really
Dawn Abriel: Unsafe and I'm glad you stopped smoking, but now you're going to have to work on weaning yourself off of the baking because
Dawn Abriel: The nicotine the nicotine, the one of the big reasons besides all the cancer chemicals in tobacco but nicotine causes your blood vessels to cramp down
Dawn Abriel: Right, right. That's why it causes strokes and heart attacks and kidney attacks and all that.
Dawn Abriel: They being has nicotine in it. So it's still doing that. It's still putting you at high risk.
Dawn Abriel: For diseases that
Dawn Abriel: Count on your you're making clots.
Dawn Abriel: Anyway,
Dawn Abriel: Why I'm really getting into the lecture mode here today. Sorry.
iPhone: That's okay.
Dawn Abriel: Tell me about alcohol. What role does it play in your life.
iPhone: Um, I enjoy beer every once in a while.
Dawn Abriel: When once a day, once a week.
iPhone: Maybe like three times a week.
Dawn Abriel: Did you ever have a problem with alcoholism.
iPhone: Um, I guess.
iPhone: The early like
iPhone: 21 you know you get your ID and
iPhone: I mean I wouldn't say it was a problem. It was just
iPhone: An everyday sort of thing. Mm hmm.
Dawn Abriel: And right now. Do you eat more than a couple of fast foods per week.
iPhone: More than a couple know probably a couple
Dawn Abriel: Okay, do you get regular exercise.
iPhone: I'm not not intentional regular exercise, but
iPhone: I do a lot of movement, I guess.
Dawn Abriel: You take an aspirin every day.
iPhone: Yes.
iPhone: You do. Yes.
Dawn Abriel: One baby aspirin.
iPhone: Yeah.
iPhone: baby aspirin.
Dawn Abriel: Great. And do you have a household smoke detector.
Yes.
Dawn Abriel: I think
Dawn Abriel: In this company they keep track of all the different
Dawn Abriel: They just do all these statistics and the other day, I happen to come across the number of people that I've done, and takes like this for, and it was over 4000 4730 or something and I think you're the first person who's answered yes to the daily aspirin.
iPhone: Wow.
Yeah.
Dawn Abriel: And you keep any firearms in your home.
iPhone: No.
Dawn Abriel: Do you wear your seat belts.
Dawn Abriel: Yes. Good boy. Are you sexually active right now.
iPhone: No.
Dawn Abriel: And you were born male and you identify as male
iPhone: Yes.
Dawn Abriel: You were born and raised where
iPhone: I was born in Albuquerque.
iPhone: I was raised in Arizona. Okay, and then move back to Albuquerque.
Dawn Abriel: Did you ever use benzodiazepines recreationally volume's any bars and the you
Know,
Dawn Abriel: What's your caffeine intake like
iPhone: I usually have a couple of cups of coffee a day.
Okay.
Dawn Abriel: And do you have any children.
iPhone: No.
Dawn Abriel: And your E cigarette us about how much do you
Dawn Abriel: Do you know what, how much you use a week or every few days.
iPhone: One one little container will last me like three weeks. One little
iPhone: I guess the amount that would fit on an E cigarette.
Dawn Abriel: Okay.
iPhone: Which is like
iPhone: I don't know about this.
Dawn Abriel: I can't remember what there was what the, like, how much is in there like a half a milligram, I think, is what's in those
iPhone: Yeah, I'm not sure.
Dawn Abriel: Yeah, me either. I should look that up so I can be more intelligent about it.
Um,
iPhone: But yeah
iPhone: That would last me about three weeks.
Okay.
Dawn Abriel: And how far did you go in school.
iPhone: graduated college
Dawn Abriel: And what did you study
iPhone: Engineering
Dawn Abriel: So what, where are you, and how are you employed right now.
iPhone: I worked for the Bureau of Land Management as a civil engineer.
Uh huh.
Dawn Abriel: And
Dawn Abriel: Were you ever a methamphetamine user
iPhone: I've tried it a few times.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, in your 20s or
Dawn Abriel: Yeah, okay. And the same with cocaine.
Yeah.
Dawn Abriel: And marijuana
iPhone: Yeah.
Dawn Abriel: You still smoke or still use marijuana
iPhone: Occasionally, yeah.
Dawn Abriel: What do you like to do for fun.
iPhone: I like to work on cars.
iPhone: And I like to fly fish.
iPhone: Art
iPhone: And music. Mm hmm. I played I played the drums and guitar and stuff.
Ah,
Dawn Abriel: And you have no legal issues pending right now. You want me to list a religion.
iPhone: Christian
Dawn Abriel: And
Dawn Abriel: Your relationship status is single
iPhone: He yes
Dawn Abriel: Okay, I think that's enough of those. Did you have any military service.
No.
Dawn Abriel: So now I'm going to ask a really long list of problems and stop me if any of them are ongoing. I mean, every all of us have some of these every once in a while, but I mean, you know,
Dawn Abriel: Things that you would go to the doctor for fever, night sweats chills cold intolerance, fatigue, weight gain drinking a lot even alive.
iPhone: Guys, weight gain and fatigue.
Dawn Abriel: And when did those start
iPhone: I think I'm
iPhone: I've gained a little bit of weight in the last year, probably
Just
Dawn Abriel: Just lack of exercise.
Yeah.
Dawn Abriel: Change in vision loss of vision, blurred vision, double vision red eyes ringing in your ears ear drainage hearing loss difficulty hearing
Dawn Abriel: Chronic congestion, or bloody nose or lips or mouse or tongue.
Dawn Abriel: Neck lumps stiffness or pain, difficulty breathing car, a new car for shortness of breath, just pain irregular heart rate can't breathe while you're lying down.
Dawn Abriel: Swelling in your ankles varicose veins diarrhea.
iPhone: Constipation right now I have one of my my left foot swells up
iPhone: And I, I fell down the stairs, about six months ago.
iPhone: And I think I
iPhone: I injured it, but I have not gone to the juncture, but it, it only swells up once in a while and it. There's not really any pain.
iPhone: Yeah.
Dawn Abriel: It's because the little blood vessels that got broken during the sprain. They have to grow back. And it'll take them nine months or so.
Dawn Abriel: And and and sometimes they never grow back enough to accommodate because when you think about it.
Dawn Abriel: The pressure of the blood
Dawn Abriel: Is much greater down your ankles.
Dawn Abriel: So those days have to work really hard to move the blood against all that force back up to your heart and the vessels that that get grown. They don't have the little bows, a little that prevent the back flow.
iPhone: Okay.
Dawn Abriel: The new vessels are just straight up and down, and they're not as efficient.
Dawn Abriel: This might always be an issue for you. What, what I would recommend is
Dawn Abriel: Getting a pressure a pressure they make these little ankle things that are like
Dawn Abriel: For people with varicose veins, but they just go on the ankle. You might be more comfortable, especially if you're going to a day when you're out all day. And, you know, at the end of the day, you're going to end up with a puffy ankle.
iPhone: Okay.
Dawn Abriel: All right.
Dawn Abriel: Let's see, diarrhea, you don't have constipation from the opioid use
iPhone: I try
iPhone: Yeah, I do. Once in a while. Yeah. Alright.
Dawn Abriel: Vomiting rectal pain, abdominal pain penalize into little
Dawn Abriel: Painful pain or blood in your urine changing hair nail or skin texture new moles itching lamp, muscle pain tender points back pain, headaches, vertigo lightheadedness, numbness, tingling, weakness, lack of coordination difficulty speaking changing mood, we will put depression here.
Dawn Abriel: Does your sadness interfere with your daily life.
iPhone: I try not to let it
Dawn Abriel: I'm going to say yes and then put that in quotes.
Dawn Abriel: Okay. I try not to let it, but when it does, what does it interfere with
iPhone: Yeah, I guess, personal relationships.
Dawn Abriel: Yep. There are some of the first things to go
Dawn Abriel: Your sleep disturbance is it getting to sleep or staying asleep.
iPhone: It's usually staying asleep.
iPhone: usually wake up around three and I can't go back to sleep.
Yeah.
Dawn Abriel: Again, the opioids really doing number in your, in your sleep center.
Dawn Abriel: You know, people think, oh, it makes me drowsy out. I'll go to sleep, but it only lasts a real short time and then it just really screws it up.
Dawn Abriel: And any easy bruising.
iPhone: Not that I noticed
Dawn Abriel: You don't take any
Dawn Abriel: prescription medicines.
iPhone: No.
Dawn Abriel: Do you have any allergies to medicines.
iPhone: Not that I know.
Dawn Abriel: Well, good.
Dawn Abriel: Now, this question is meant to rule out dementia and it sounds pretty silly. But I have to ask you, you
Dawn Abriel: Know you bathe yourself and dress yourself and go to the bathroom by yourself and you can get from one place to another.
Dawn Abriel: You know who you are, where you are. What time of the day and week it is you make your own decisions. You have a memory that's appropriate to your edge. You can focus your attention and you can read
iPhone: Yes.
Dawn Abriel: I'm going to ask you to get your pulse and I'll show you how to do that.
Dawn Abriel: You have a muscle on the side of your neck that goes from your jaw down to your neck. And so if you take your right hand and you go from your Adam's apple towards that muscle just in front of that muscle.
Dawn Abriel: And be you can't push too hard.
Dawn Abriel: They're right in there. You should feel the lump thump, thump, thump.
Dawn Abriel: Don't push too hard, you block it off.
Dawn Abriel: Yeah right in there. You should have it.
Dawn Abriel: Now, now you too high.
Dawn Abriel: I you might be pushing too hard back just yet.
Dawn Abriel: It's so hard to tell on the video.
Dawn Abriel: You should have it right in there.
iPhone: Huh.
Dawn Abriel: Lit up just a little bit because I think you might be a concluding that you blocking it off and then yeah, right. That right in there.
Dawn Abriel: Now just a tiny bit more pressure
Dawn Abriel: Okay, let's try it this way.
Dawn Abriel: On your wrist.
Dawn Abriel: If you follow where you
Dawn Abriel: Take your nail from the nail down. There's a groove right there where the radial artery is
iPhone: Okay, I feel it.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, I'll tell you when to start counting
Dawn Abriel: Now,
iPhone: 12345678
iPhone: And
Dawn Abriel: That's it. That's all I need.
Dawn Abriel: You do you know what your last blood pressure was
iPhone: No. Okay.
And
Dawn Abriel: Do you, whoops. Oh my goodness.
Dawn Abriel: Do you can you tell me how tall you are
iPhone: Sticks one
Dawn Abriel: And a current wait
iPhone: I don't know, five
To 5242
Dawn Abriel: Already
Dawn Abriel: That's interesting.
Dawn Abriel: Oh, there it goes. Okay, now we're going to do a little physical exam. I want you to get really close to the camera and you're going to
Dawn Abriel: Pull your eyelid down so I can see under your eyelids.
Dawn Abriel: Perfect let go pull back.
Dawn Abriel: Make your eyes go all the way to the right.
Dawn Abriel: All the way to the left.
Dawn Abriel: Up.
Dawn Abriel: And down.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, and breathe out of either side of you knows like this.
Dawn Abriel: Open your mouth really wide and stick your tongue out at me. Move it side to side.
Dawn Abriel: Lovely. Close your mouth bite down no job pain and your teeth bit normally
Dawn Abriel: Great. And you're gonna have to kind of pull your beard up a little bit and let me see you swallow.
Dawn Abriel: Great.
Dawn Abriel: And take a really big deep breath.
Dawn Abriel: Okay. And I want you to push on your belly upper right upper left lower right lower left no pain when you do that, no.
Dawn Abriel: lumps or bumps in there that don't belong
Dawn Abriel: No. All right.
Dawn Abriel: And I want to see you pull against your fingers.
Dawn Abriel: Great no pain or discomfort when you do that.
iPhone: No.
Dawn Abriel: And then tap against your thumb on your fingers on your thumb.
Dawn Abriel: Great. Other hand,
Dawn Abriel: Okay, now this is a little the next things a little tricky to do in a car.
Dawn Abriel: You might have to open the door and kind of point the camera down, but I need to see your ankles.
iPhone: Okay.
iPhone: You want me to take my shoes off.
Dawn Abriel: Now you can just push your sock down just want to see the ankle. But there's no swelling in there in the now. Great. Okay. That's good.
Dawn Abriel: Super
iPhone: All right.
Dawn Abriel: And do you have any tattoos.
Yes.
iPhone: I have three
Dawn Abriel: And they were professionally done no complications.
Yes.
Dawn Abriel: Right.
Dawn Abriel: So let's talk about the program.
Dawn Abriel: You're signing up for two hours a week.
Dawn Abriel: That's what the initial commitment is one hour of group one hour of individual therapy. So what we first need to do is figure out your work schedule so we can figure out a group, you can go to
iPhone: Okay.
Dawn Abriel: When do you work.
iPhone: I work Monday through Friday, most of the time.
iPhone: From
iPhone: Will say anywhere from seven 530
Dawn Abriel: Okay.
Dawn Abriel: So,
Dawn Abriel: That means you need a night group unless
Dawn Abriel: We have a Tuesday at 7am it has the fewest number of people in it. I think you'd be a match for that. But if that doesn't let you get to work on time, then, that wouldn't work.
iPhone: How long our meetings, usually
Dawn Abriel: An hour one
iPhone: Okay, yeah, I don't know if that would work.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, and does your workplace, know that you have an addiction problem.
No. Okay.
Dawn Abriel: Then
Dawn Abriel: I'm guessing you're going to need to go to a night group so
Dawn Abriel: Or you could go to a
Dawn Abriel: If you have a lunch if a predictable lunch hour
iPhone: There's
iPhone: A 130
Dawn Abriel: Friday afternoon at one is
Dawn Abriel: A group or I can try to figure out a night.
Dawn Abriel: Night group.
iPhone: You said Friday at 130
iPhone: Uh huh. Yeah.
iPhone: Try wouldn't work. I don't. I use
iPhone: I go to the field often so
iPhone: Sometimes that's not even
Dawn Abriel: You don't have Wi Fi out in the field do
Dawn Abriel: Yeah, yeah. All right, let's figure out a night one
Dawn Abriel: I'm pulling it up right now.
Dawn Abriel: So there's a
Dawn Abriel: Monday at six.
Dawn Abriel: And that's one
Dawn Abriel: That I'm in
Dawn Abriel: The others are with other doctors and other therapists, so there's
Dawn Abriel: Me.
Dawn Abriel: Do this by
Dawn Abriel: 530
Dawn Abriel: No hasn't opened yet. Okay. There's a 730
Dawn Abriel: With Dr. Solomon and Dominique on Wednesdays.
Dawn Abriel: Would that work for you.
iPhone: Yeah. Wednesday at 730 30
Dawn Abriel: Okay, so let me get that on your chart.
Dawn Abriel: 7:30pm
Dawn Abriel: So,
Dawn Abriel: When you go into a group before you do the group, you have to fill out a brief addiction monitor. We call it the BAM.
Dawn Abriel: That's right. And do you have any questions for me about the program.
iPhone: No, I don't think so. Okay.
Dawn Abriel: Well, it was nice meeting you. And I think you'll do really well in this program.
Dawn Abriel: Don't hesitate to, you know, go to the virtual clinic. If you need any clarification about anything.
Dawn Abriel: Okay. So remember to take the make sure you're in some withdrawal before you take the buprenorphine and it I would recommend you take for later this morning and then don't take anything until first thing in the morning and then take four and then you'll see how long it last year.
iPhone: Okay.
Dawn Abriel: Don't don't increase the dose. If you don't have to
Dawn Abriel: And then on Wednesday. Dr. Solomon will say, How long did you medicine last and you'll tell him.
iPhone: Okay.
iPhone: Okay. Okay, great.
Real good.
Dawn Abriel: And don't. Oh, and before you get back into the virtual clinic we as soon as you type in the zoom room ID number change. Take the iPhone to your name.
Dawn Abriel: Okay.
Dawn Abriel: Anything else, okay.
iPhone: Okay, you too.
Bye bye.
Dawn Abriel: So,
Dawn Abriel: Wednesday at 730 with Dr element and Dominique I assume you put that in pulse.
Dawn Abriel: And
Dawn Abriel: The buprenorphine will be starting at four milligrams daily he will go to quest for his labs.
Dawn Abriel: You will fill out his ace and do a Bam, this morning, his assessment is the use disorder severe nicotine.
Dawn Abriel: Dependence